furniture is an integral part of the interior
any home today everyone has
opportunity to choose
the situation to taste and wallet but worth
I spend money on a new sofa if
old can give a second life
case if all the mechanisms properly
work but you are not comfortable with the external
view must order new upholstery on
the market of our city there are many
home repair companies
furniture pick qualified
workers will help popular rumor
read online forums
listen to the advice of friends and
friends to the author some time
appeal to the first of us she was
similar problem and sometime with ease
tops made old sofa new
Right now the situation is repeated
vanchik worn out throwing a pity here
and buy expensive so decided forward
upholstery of your favorite couch can
replace partially or completely
such procedure is carried out in case
the cloth rubbed on it got dirty or
faded material substitution can be
strike do not take care only the second life then
there is a brand new plug
fantasy and you can create something
new in the familiar interior of the apartment
hauling furniture allows you to decide more
one important task is to replace the filler
the price depends on the operas on the sofa model
chair and some other furniture from
fillers replaces the fountain changes
from independent to the complexity of the work depends
when you sum up are determined
price
determine the amount
after work an experienced old master
furniture is indistinguishable from new and for
family budget is not so expensive
example of the restoration of such a sofa
It will cost from 5,000 rubles and the chair from
two to old furniture again
It became comfortable and beautiful for sometimes you need
just a little fantasy and desire to refresh
interior like the media like a new sofa